Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I read this article
a while back...
that said Microsoft employs more
millionaire secretaries...
than any other company
in the world.
They took stock options
over Christmas bonuses.
It was a good move.
I remember there was this photograph
of one of the groundskeepers...
next to his Ferrari.
Blew my mind.
You see shit like that,
and it just plants seeds...
makes you think it's possible,
even easy.
And then you turn on the TV,
and there's just more of it.
The $87 million dollar
lottery winner.
That kid actor that just made
20 million on his last movie.
That Internet stock that
shot through the roof.
You could've made millions on it
if you'd just got in early.
And that's exactly
what I wanted to do... get in.
I didn't want to be an innovator. I just
wanted to make the quick, easy buck.
I just wanted in.
Notorious B.I.G.
Said it best...
"Either you're slinging crack rock,
or you got a wicked jump shot. "
Nobody wants to work
for it anymore.
There's no honor in taking
that after-school job at Mickey D's.
Honor's in the dollar, kid.
So I went the white-boy way
of slinging crack rock.
I became a stockbroker.
- Get off!
- Two hundred!
Put your money back down!
Yo! Put your money back down!
So I got in at this firm,
J. T. Marlin...
owned by
this guy Michael Brantley...
a salesman among salesmen.
Mr. Brantley!
- Mr. Brantley! Welcome! How are you?
- How you gonna handle these guys?
- They're great.
- You think you can handle this or what?
- I think so. We can handle it.
- You can handle it?
A double scotch on the rocks.
Holy shit, yo.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo!
That's the jockey from Venezuela.
He's a sicko. He weighs like 48 pounds.
119, but you're close, slut.
Whatever. Give me three-to-one
on that skinny little nigger.
Richie, Richie.
Do me a favor, will you?
Just for, like, ten minutes.
Just give it a rest.
Yo, homes, I need some "chocaine."
I need some motherfuckin' nose candy.
I need some cizzi up my nizzi...
'cause I need to get high
like a motherfucker.
Know what I'm sayin'?
So give me some of that nose candy.
Bring that table over here.
Everybody quiet down for a second.
All right. Hold on.
Thanks. I wanted to let you know those
pikers at the N.A.S.D. Are off our ass.
- Fuckin' retard.
- Fuck you. I'm on vacation.
Bear Stearns can call the S.E.C.
They can't find any dirt on us.
J.T. Marlin, once again,
has unlimited trading authorization.
I told you guys.
You can't keep a good man down!
We're superstars now.
J.P. Morgan just faxed over
their congratulations...
and said,
"Welcome to the club."
This also means those teams
headed by Todd and Richie...
who were good enough
to give up their rep numbers...
They can stop cold calling
and start trading again.
Welcome back!
And just to show you
how appreciative I am...
there's a little something extra.
Tell me about it, baby, tell me!
I want you guys
to go up to suite 418.
I handpicked them myself.
We're players now, boys!
Let's celebrate. Salute!
Don't touch the cards.
- Fourteen.
- Hit me.
Come on, Mike. I told you you
gotta hit the table. Sixteen.
Hit me.
And bust.
Sorry about that.
Fuck! Can't
win a fuckin' hand tonight!
Hey, Steve?
Come here for a second.
You thirsty?
I don't care.
Go take my car and get Mike a Coke
and a falafel. You hungry?
Yeah. Yeah.
Sure. Why not?
- And dealer busts.
- Yeah!
What the fuck are
you so happy about?
Whoa, take it easy.
Roller coaster.
Ups and downs. You know that.
All right. Place your bets.
I was living in Kew Gardens Hills,
running my biz...
giving the Queens College kids
something to do between classes.
- See you guys.
- Fuck you.
- Okay. I'll see you tomorrow.
- I was doing well.
It's strange to think how
that knock changed everything.
Everything.
Hey, don't get me wrong here.
No, no. I got it.
I don't believe in fate.
I believe in odds.
- He's not gonna let you in.
- Why not?
'Cause he doesn't know who you are.
He'll think you're a cop.
So what? I got a bankroll
that'll choke a hippo. Let's just see.
- Who are you?
- What's up?
- It's my boy, Greg. Oh, shit!
- What are you doin'? Come in.
What's goin' on? Come here, crazy.
What are you doin'?
How're you doin'?
Come in. Come in.
Oh, shit. Wait.
Is that your new ride?
- Him.
- Nice.
- Hi. Seth.
- Hey. Greg.
Nice to meet you.
- We thought we were done for the night.
- Too late to get a couple hands in?
No, no, no. 24-7.
Hey, Steve, could you get us
a couple of sandwiches?
- All right. Give me 400.
- Wait. What about the betting?
- What were you thinking?
- Five hundred, max?
We don't usually
service that level of action...
but I hate
to turn away a new customer.
We might not have enough cash
to settle you at the end of the night.
That's okay.
You can just pay me tomorrow.
All right.
How much you want?
- Five dimes.
- Jeff.
You had to do it, didn't you?
You make me look
like I'm at the kiddie table.
- If the shoe fits, kid. Come on.
- Fuckin' rich man.
- What denomination?
How about three Puerto Ricans,
two Chinks and a Guinea?
I don't care. Mix it up.
Whatever you want.
What about a Swahili? Jesus.
I don't know what that is either.
You're starting to upset me.
You got your own chips, huh,
with your name on them?
This is no joke.
We used to use the
Bicycle poker chips...
and then some kid started
sneaking in additional funds.
- Who's that? Moyshe?
- No, no. Some kid up the block.
Fuckin' Moyshe.
- So that's a nice car you have there.
- Thanks. A Ferrari.
Yeah. It's a 355,
six-speed transmission, right?
Yeah. It's a synchromesh.
I love it. Nice.
Yo, shit is yellow, B.
Rizzy's the color, nugga.
Yellow's filthy. Come on.
It's Big Bird mode.
All right.
Place your bets.
- Hey.
- You are late.
- I know. I'm sorry.
- Your father is really upset.
- He won't even tell me what it is.
- Jesus.
- Hey.
- What's up, Seth?
- How you doin'? How's school?
- It's all right.
That's a good question, Seth.
You wanna tell us what happened?
- We didn't know if you were comin'.
- Oh, yeah. Traffic was crazy.
So?
Do you wanna wait till after
dinner to talk about it?
Yeah, let's eat first.
- Answer the question, Seth.
- I dropped out.
You wanna tell us why?
Well, I gave it a year, Dad,
and it's just not for me.
I see. So that means you've been
lying to us for six months.
Six months, Seth.
"School's fine, Dad.
My grades are good, Dad."
Let's just leave that for a second.
So you dropped out.
That means you haven't been getting
your student loan checks, right?
Is that right? How are you making
the rent every month, Seth?
I'm running a business,
and I'm just earning a living.
Earning a living? This what
you call earning a living?
- Marty, are those drugs?
- Yes.
- Yes, those are drugs?
- No, Mom. This is an honest living.
And you can ask any one
of my customers.
What do you mean, "customers"?
Where's the customers?
They're children of people
in this community.
How do you think I got these?
Anyway, it's illegal.
You're running a backdoor card game!
How do you think this reflects on me?
I'm a judge,
for Christ's sake!
Are you listening to me?
I'm gonna be honest with you.
You're runnin'a good business.
I think you're a smart kid,
pullin' in some real cash.
But I gotta tell you, man,
this is risky fuckin' business.
I mean, you really honestly plan
on dealing cards to college kids...
when you're fuckin' 35?
You don't think you'll get pinched
in the next couple years?
Maybe it's time to start thinkin'
about down-the-line time.
So, you want me
to come work for you?
What? I guess it'll be like retribution
for me taking all your money here?
First of all, I am not
done with you here, all right?
And, no, you're only gonna
work for me a short time.
You pass the Series Seven.
You learn the ropes.
You're on your own.
Yeah, ask Adam, man.
He'll tell you.
- It's good.
- It's good?
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna be blunt.
We're talkin' about
millions of dollars.
I was making
good money with the casino...
but these guys
were macking it hard.
That's the level
I wanted to be operating on.
So I drove out
to Long Island, way out.
The office was a good hour
away from Wall Street.
Somebody forgot to tell the guys
who worked there, though.
They looked and acted...
like they took the Six train
to Fulton Street every morning.
But it wasn't Wall Street.
It was exit 53
on the Long Island Expressway...
a good hour from
the New York Stock Exchange.
No, no, no, no. You don't wanna act now.
This stock is going to turn.
I'm invested very heavily myself.
We just stay put.
I don't know if you've ever had the
opportunity to purchase I.P.O. Before...
but we have this company that's going
to market in about a week or so.
We're gonna have to move on this now.
This is gonna happen next week.
We don't wanna marry this stock.
We're in; we're out.
What do you mean, you don't buy stock
over the phone? How do you do it?
Smoke signals? Telepathy? World leaders
solve problems over the phone.
I'm not a Charles Schwab.
I don't need your business; I value it.
I'm successful to the point where
I don't need to chase your business.
Hey, kid, get the fuck
outta here!
Over here.
- Have they started interviewing yet?
- No.
- Know how long it's gonna be?
- You'll all be going in together.
But I thought
this was, like, an interview?
It is. It's a group interview.
You'll see.
No, man.
You're a male.
Group interview, my ass.
It was like a Hitler Youth rally,
in retrospect.
The guy who pitched us, Jim Young,
was the head recruiter there.
- Okay, guys. Let's go.
- Between him and Michael, honestly...
they could sell bubble gum
in the lockjaw ward at Bellevue.
I'm sorry, man.
This is my seat.
- Oh, shit. I'm so sorry.
- It's okay. Don't worry about it.
- Fuckin' dumb-ass.
- Get the fuck outta here.
- What?
- Don't talk to me. Don't look at me.
Just get your ass out of that Italian
leather chair and get the fuck out.
Right now. Come on.
Let's go, schlepp rock.
Out.
Sit down.
We expect everyone here to
treat their coworkers...
with a certain level
of respect.
Before we start, I have one question.
Has anyone passed a Series Seven exam?
- I have a Series Seven license.
- Good for you. You can get out too.
What? Why?
We don't hire brokers here.
We train new ones.
That's it, Skippy.
Pack your shit. Let's go.
Okay. Here's the deal.
I'm not here to waste your time.
I hope you're not here to waste mine.
So I'm gonna keep this short.
If you become an employee
of this firm...
you will make your first million
within three years.
Okay? I repeat that:
You will make a million dollars
within three years...
of your first day of employment
at J.T. Marlin.
There is no question whether or not
you'll become a millionaire here.
The only question
is how many times over.
You think I'm joking?
I am not joking.
I am a millionaire.
It's a weird thing to hear, right?
I'll tell ya.
It's a weird thing to say.
I am a fucking millionaire.
And guess how old I am.
Twenty-seven.
You know what that makes me here?
A fuckin' senior citizen.
This firm is entirely comprised
of people your age, not mine.
Lucky for me, I'm very fucking good
at my job, or I'd be out of one.
You guys are the new blood.
You're gonna go home with the kessef.
You are the future big swinging dicks
of this firm.
Now, you all look money hungry,
and that's good.
Anybody tells you money is the root
of all evil doesn't fuckin' have any.
They say money can't buy happiness?
Look at the fuckin' smile on my face.
Ear to ear, baby.
You want details? Fine.
I drive a Ferrari
355 Cabriolet.
What's up? I have a ridiculous house
in the South Fork.
I have every toy you could imagine,
and best of all, kids...
I am liquid.
So, now you know what's possible.
Let me tell you what's required.
You are required to work
your fucking ass off at this firm.
We want winners here, not pikers.
A piker walks at the bell.
A piker asks how much vacation you get
in the first year. Vacation?
People come and work at this firm
for one reason: To become filthy rich.
We're not here to make friends.
We're not savin' the manatees, guys.
You want vacation time?
Go teach third grade, public school.
Okay. The first three months
at the firm are as a trainee.
You make $150 a week.
After you're done training,
you take the Series Seven.
Pass that, you become junior broker...
and you open accounts
for your team leader.
You open 40 accounts, you start
workin' for yourself. Sky's the limit.
Word about being a trainee.
Friends, parents, other brokers,
they're gonna give you shit.
It's true. $150 a week?
Not a lot of money.
Pay them no mind.
You need to learn this business,
and this is the time to do it.
Once you pass the test,
none of that's gonna matter.
Your friends are shit.
Tell them you made 25 grand last month,
they're won't fucking believe you.
Fuck them! Fuck 'em!
Parents don't like the life you lead?
"Fuck you, Mom and Dad."
See how it feels when you're makin'
their fuckin' Lexus payments.
Now, go home and think about it.
Think about whether it's really for you.
If you decide it isn't...
It's nothing to be embarrassed about.
It's not for everyone.
Thanks.
But if you
really want this...
you call me on Monday
and we'll talk.
Just don't
waste my fuckin' time.
Okay. That's it.
- Hi.
So, what's up?
- How you doin'?
- I'm fine, Seth. What's on your mind?
I feel bad about the way things went
at the house last week.
I just don't feel like we get
anywhere when we talk at home.
Well, I don't know
that there's anything to talk about.
- Can I get you anything to drink?
- No. I'm fine, thanks.
You dropped out
of school, Seth.
You're running an illegal casino
out of your apartment.
You're putting my career at risk.
What is there to talk about, Seth?
Well, I don't know why
we can't just discuss this. I mean...
Maybe you're just not
seeing my side.
Your side? What side?
You're doing wrong.
I'm not your best friend.
That's your mother's racket.
I'm your father.
I tell you when you screw up.
What did you think I was gonna do?
Pat you on the back for the casino idea?
Tell you what
a great entrepreneur you are?
So what do you want me
to do, Seth?
I mean, my God, if I'd called my father
to meet me for a cup of coffee...
to talk about my screwups,
he probably would've laughed.
We didn't have nice little chats
about why I was a bad boy.
I got smacked.
And I didn't do it again.
Much simpler.
Look. I'm just trying to restore
what's left of our relationship.
"Relationship"?
What the fuck are you
talking about, relationship?
What? Are we dating?
I'm not your girlfriend Seth;
I'm your father.
Clean up your life,
make an honest living...
and then you and I can talk
like normal people, all right?
- Hey, Seth.
- Hi. How you doin'?
- Abby.
- Oh, yeah. I know. I forgot.
It's okay. I never told you.
Besides, the other day
you looked a little frazzled...
so I didn't think
you'd remember anyway.
- Today's my first day.
- No shit?
Yeah.
- See ya.
No, that's not how it works.
If I was asking you to
own 5,000 or 10,000 shares...
of some pink-sheet, bullshit company
with negative earnings...
I'd tell you
to hang up the phone...
call your local broker
and short the stock.
I wouldn't expect your business.
But, Don, I am bringing you...
Seth. Seth. Come over here.
It's not your table.
...F.D.A. Landmark approval.
It's, like, the cancer pill.
No. It's a cancer pill.
No, Don, it's not Propecia P.
It is the cancer pill.
Oh, Donald, please take a chance.
You look pretty.
Thank you.
So you wanna tell me where the fuck
you were last night?
- Not particularly.
- Okay.
This is for you.
I don't know how to better
explain this to you, but...
it's over.
Okay. I disagree.
- Hang on a second.
- Here you go.
- What's up? Is he in?
- I don't know.
Hey. These are the D&B cards.
These are our leads.
- Morning.
- Every card is an opportunity, right?
These are good leads.
People on these cards buy stock.
Your job is to call them
and get them interested in the firm.
You're not actually selling stock yet,
but you're selling the dream.
So get 'em wet. Tell 'em
that in a month from now...
a senior broker's gonna
call them back with an idea.
So who are these people?
Average client's 45 years old,
from the Midwest...
$150,000 annual income,
1 million net, has a local broker...
but loves a hotshot New Yorker
who sounds good on the phone.
So the card won't tell you that. It only
has name, address and occupation.
So you gotta
feel 'em out, see?
"Peter Davis, Vice President,
Parks Telecommunications."
The guy's probably
a fuckin' whale.
So feel 'im out, see what he's got.
Truth is, it doesn't matter these days.
With the Dow where it is now,
everybody wants a piece of the market.
I can close anyone anytime anywhere.
Just give me a phone number.
- Greg, I have John Duncklee on three.
- Not now. I'll call him back.
Now, once you qualify the guy,
you send him a press packet.
It'll be easy, and it'll get you
comfortable on the phone, which is key.
This entire business revolves
around the phone. Play the numbers.
This is a contact sport. The more people
you contact, the better you'll do.
- A good broker makes 700 calls a day.
- What's the phone bill like?
This month
was approaching 400,000.
Listen to me. Even though
you're not selling stock yet...
I want you to remember the code
we have here, okay?
- Did you see Glengarry Glen Ross?
- Yeah.
- Do you remember "ABC"?
- Yeah. "Always be closing."
That's right. "Always be closing."
"Telling's not selling."
That's the attitude you wanna have.
There's two rules as a trainee.
Number one:
We don't pitch the bitch here.
What?
We don't sell stock to women.
I don't care who it is; we don't do it.
Nancy Sinatra calls,
you tell her you're sorry.
They're a constant pain
in the ass...
and you're never
gonna hear the end of it.
They'll call you every fucking day
wanting to know why the stock dropped.
And God forbid
the stock should go up.
You're gonna hear
from them every 15 minutes.
It's just not worth it.
Don't pitch the bitch.
Number two:
Don't write wood, all right?
A lot of trainees are so anxious
to get off the phone...
that they just steamroll the guy
into getting the press packet...
so they can hang up.
Then I call back, and I'm, like...
"Hi. You spoke to a junior
associate of mine last month."
And he's like, "Not interested. Bye."
That's a shitty lead, okay?
That's fucking wood.
The info we send is bullshit, all right?
The most important part is telling them
you have that one great idea...
and that a senior broker's
gonna call them back in a month.
This way they don't think
we just fire off a million recos a day.
We don't want clients thinkin'...
you're pitching something
you read in the Journal, right?
- Yeah. Right.
- Okay, so no wood.
- I'm serious. No wood.
- All right. Take it easy.
Hey, don't even start
that fuckin' shit with me, okay?
I'm tryin' to tell you what's expected
of you and what your job is.
I'm tryin' to make the job easier, okay?
Don't give me any fuckin' lip.
Okay. Okay, so, fine.
What happens if the guy
wants to buy stock right then?
Now you're talkin'. You wanna go
into every call expecting just that.
If somebody wants a recommendation,
put the guy on hold...
stand up and yell "reco"
at the top of your lungs.
First senior broker who gets
on the horn gets the sale.
- Sound good?
- Yeah.
Okay. That suit's dog shit.
Get a new suit.
No, Ma. I told you.
No, I'm not a broker yet.
I'm a trainee. I still have
to pass my Series Seven test.
Please.
You're a stockbroker.
You wear a suit to work
every day, don't you?
- Yeah.
- So, what are we arguing about?
- Thanks, Ma.
- You're doing great, Seth.
You're working your way up
from the bottom. Never easy.
What did Dad say about it?
He's very happy.
Shocked, but very happy.
- He's waiting for you to call him.
- Why doesn't he call me?
- One miracle at a time, okay, sweetie?
- All right.
- Mom?
- I'm in bed.
- How you doin'?
- Hi, baby. How was work?
I know you're not at home with a bag
of cash, waiting for me to call you.
But I'm not some 18-year old selling
the cure for Al DS. I am 46 years old.
I have 22 years of market experience.
I know this business.
So pick up your skirt, grab your balls
and let's make some money.
Here you go, Greg.
I hope this is better
than the last batch of shit you gave me.
- Produced more wood than Ron Jeremy.
- What?
I don't want you to yell "reco" anymore.
Know what you should yell? "Timber!"
Yeah. Mr. Fuckin' Wood.
I hear you fuckin' makin' your calls.
It's bullshit, all right?
If you want them off the phone so bad,
why don't you just hang up?
You should get them excited.
You know, excited?
They should beg for a broker
on the first call. Shit.
Yeah. Howard Young, please.
Seth Davis over at J.T. Marlin.
- No, he's not expecting my call.
- No. Tsk.
- Okay. Yeah. I'll call you.
- Good-bye. Good-bye.
Hang up the phone.
Thank you. That's nice
for you to do that for me.
First of all, there's gonna be a lot of
these regardless of how good you are...
but you happen to suck big,
fat-ass rhinoceros dick.
Well, thank you.
That's confidence-inspiring.
I got this friend who runs this
other firm, right?
He hands out
this book to new trainees.
It's called a rebuttal book.
It looks like a little Filofax.
It's got these index tabs,
but instead of having letters...
like "A" to "B," "G" to "H,"
it has different things like...
"My wife won't let me"...
or "I'm not in the market now"
or "Send me a prospectus."
It has a rebuttal
for any excuse.
Anyway, that's stuff
you'll have to learn later.
The most important thing
you gotta know right now...
is that you can be whoever
you wanna be on the phone.
You know what I'm sayin'? Who cares?
Do what you gotta do.
Change your last name.
Say you're the fuckin' vice president.
You know? Who cares?
Just get the cocksucker on the line.
Yeah, but how can I do shit like that?
Isn't there a compliance officer here?
No. No, man. Everybody does that shit.
Are you kidding?
I mean, even on Wall Street.
You talking about John there?
That guy works for us.
The guy's a fuckin' chimp. Look at him.
The only compliance work...
he's doin' is makin' sure my lunch
is still hot when it gets here.
He's only here because the S.E.C.
Requires it. Easiest job in the world.
Look. I think he's actually
masturbating right now.
- Stay the fuck away from her.
- Yeah.
Holy shit, you slut.
You made the call.
No, no. Don't you dare. Get your
filthy one-race paws off my money.
What'd you bet me?
A month's commission?
- Yeah, and yours too, kid.
- How do you get away with this?
'Cause I'm a Jew,
and I have the mind of a champion.
See this?
Here, kid.
Go get a tan and some Rogaine.
- Watch out for this.
- Fuckin' A.
The only bookie in New York
that delivers FedEx.
When are you gonna
take the test, Seth?
Well, you know, after
the training program's over.
They want you to get a good idea
of how things work there...
before you take the Series Seven,
but it's a great system.
- I'm really learning a lot.
- Are you gonna be rich, Seth?
- Oh, God willing.
- I hope so.
How come I've
never heard of this firm?
I don't know.
It's a smaller firm, I guess.
There's a million others like it
you probably never heard of.
The reason I ask is 'cause I would've
thought that you would've...
joined a firm like Goldman Sachs
or something of that stature.
- Marty, what are you starting for?
- What?
No, no. Ma, it's okay.
The reason is, Dad...
that the larger houses don't really like
to hire kids straight out of college...
you know, unless you went
to an Ivy League school...
or you wanna do cash-flow analysis
for the next 15 years.
They usually like you
to work...
outside their firm for a few years
to get a good sense of the marketplace.
But most all brokers usually start out
in little firms like J.T. Marlin.
That's great. See? He answered
the question. That was easy.
So all you have to do
is close the casino, right?
Marty,
we talked about this.
- What are you giving me looks for?
- Didn't we talk about this?
- What? I just...
- It was a celebration.
You know what?
I gotta go meet somebody.
I love you, Ma.
See ya.
See ya later.
Nice job, Marty.
Originally, I got in for the cash.
But getting my dad's respect...
That's what kept me there.
So he took some parting shots from time
to time. Whatever. I didn't care.
Not really.
Anyway, the point is,
I had to adapt to this new world.
I didn't really know these guys.
What I did know is that they had
all the money in the world...
and not a clue
what to do with it.
Seth, what's up, man?
- Wait outside.
- Hey, man.
Thought you weren't gonna make it, man.
Sit down. Grab a slice. Have a beer.
What's up?
You think he fucked
Hannah or Sheen fucked her?
- Both of 'em.
- Did he just move in?
- He's been here eight months.
- Life all comes down to a few moments.
"This is one of 'em."
Sheen was kind of a pimp.
Shut up, man. Listen. Gecko's coming on.
"What the hell's goin' on?"
I'm lookin' at 200,000 shares moved.
I wanna know if we're part of it.
We'd better be, or I'm gonna come down
and eat your lunch. Back in two, Alex.
Look. I loved it at forty.
Fifty? It's an insult.
Their analysts? They don't know
a preferred stock from livestock.
They wait till it goes down,
and like gumdrops and sperm counts...
This is the kid. Calls me 59 days
in a row. Wants to be a player.
Oughta be a picture of you in the
dictionary under "persistent," kid.
Yeah? Now, listen, Jerry, I'm
looking for negative control.
No more than 30, 35 percent.
Just enough to block
anybody else's merger plans...
and find out from the inside
if the books are cooked.
Looks this good on paper, we're
in the kill zone, pal. Lock and load.
Lunch? You gotta be kidding.
Lunch is for wimps.
Okay, Fidel,
I'll talk at you.
Very good.
How do you do, Mr. Gekko?
Bud Fox.
So you say, "Nice to meet you."
Hope you're intelligent.
Where'd you get these?
- I got a connection at the airport.
- Nice job, Mr. Clean.
Hey. Get the fuck off me.
- I'm really busy, Seth.
- No. Look, I understand, Doctor.
I'm really busy here myself.
We're gonna come back to you
in one month with one idea only.
If you like what we have to say, great.
We'll do business. If not...
I mean, worst-case scenario, you'll hear
yourself a new business idea...
- That X ray is useless.
- We'll part as friends, right?
What?
Are you working with a million
dollars in the market now?
Who is this?
You're a doctor. Have you heard
of a drug called Phenodryl?
It's being manufactured
by M.S.C. Pharmaceuticals.
No.
Well, listen, okay? It's in the
third stage of F.D.A. Approval.
Word is it's gonna be approved
within the next three months...
and it could be tomorrow
for all I know.
But, you know,
I'm getting ahead of myself...
and you're real busy over there...
so why don't I just send you out
the information...
Wait, wait, wait.
Forget the info.
Let's talk about this now.
What was the name
of that drug again?
Could you hold on
for one second?
I'm gonna get...
a senior broker who's a little more
familiar with that particular stock.
All right? Hold on a second.
One second.
Reco!
- Got it.
- Sorry.
His name's Dr. Jacobs,
and I'd say that he's definitely...
- Whoa. I don't wanna hear it, kid.
- Okay.
Hi, Dr. Jacobs?
This is Chris Marlin at J.T. Marlin.
- Marlin?
- Right. He's my father.
My associate tells me you're interested
in one of our stocks.
Your wife's on three.
I will call her back.
Yes. M.S.C. Sounds like
it might be interesting.
Might be?
"Might be" doesn't sell stock at the
rate M.S.C.'s going for it, Dr. Jacobs.
- We're talking very high volume.
- I still have to run it by my people.
That's great, Doc, if you wanna miss
yet another opportunity here...
and watch your colleagues
get rich doing clinical trials.
- Don't buy a share and hang up.
- Hold on a second.
- I just want to talk about it more.
- Honestly, I don't have the time.
This stock is blowing up right now.
The whole firm's going nuts.
Hold on. Let me open up
the door to my office.
Oh, my God!
See that, Doc?
That's my trading floor.
I have calls to make to a million other
doctors who are already in the know.
I can't walk you through this right now.
I'm sorry.
Okay, okay.
Let's do this.
Since you're a new account, I can't go
higher than 2,000 shares. I'm sorry.
2,000? Are you nuts? That is way
beyond what I was thinking. 2,000?
Jesus!
Listen. I'm curious. Why can't you
sell me any more than that?
Well, we like to establish a
relationship with our clients...
on something small before we get
to the more serious trades.
Let me show you several
percentage points on this small trade...
and then we'll talk
about doing future business.
That sounds good.
Give me the 2,000 shares.
- Done.
- You sure you can't do better on this?
- I'm sorry, Dr. Jacobs. I can't.
- All right.
- We'll start with this trade, then.
- Great. I promise...
we'll swing for the fences
on the next one.
Do you want that confirmation
sent to your office or your mansion?
Very funny,
Mr. Marlin.
Let me put my secretary on,
and she'll take down your info.
It was a pleasure
doing business with you.
Done and done.
Yeah, baby!
- So, why'd you put a max on his buy?
- What?
Why'd you put a max on his buy?
You didn't tell him
how it works?
He's a trainee. He doesn't need
to know initial sell limits.
Make sure he shows you the ropes, kid.
He's too busy callin' his bookie.
Fuckin' Hebrews. Always lookin' out
for themselves and never the trainees.
- Hey, hey.
- Why don't you go back to Little Italy?
Go make me a latke, dreidel boy.
Abrams, look me up on the board.
The reason I capped him
is in case he's a piker.
See, we're gonna front the money
for this sale...
and if he doesn't send the check,
I'm the one holding the bag, follow me?
Right.
Last commission month, the kid on Jim's
team wrote a million-dollar ticket.
Stock was down 31/2 points
by settlement.
Fuckin' kid took
a 1/4 million-dollar hit.
- Shit.
- You know how much that hurts?
Besides, the first sell
just whets the appetite.
If he's a whale...
which it looks like he is...
then I'll get him on a day
when there's a real rip.
What's a rip?
A commission.
That's why we work here.
We make huge rips.
No, I don't... I still
don't know how it works.
Okay.
A two-dollar rip, which is unheard of
anywhere on Wall Street...
means that we're walkin' away...
with two dollars
for every share we sell.
Real money.
That's opportunity.
Jesus, Greg, you show him
where the bathroom is yet?
Yeah, Seth, I showed you
where Chris's desk is, right?
- Richie, do something with this...
- How does Michael afford that?
- Couldn't tell you.
- Okay.
If he's doin' it, he's makin' money
on it. Point is:
Service your client right,
and he'll be back for more.
Show him a three-percent return...
and he'll trust you to
watch his kids for the weekend.
- Abby.
- Hey, Seth.
- Hi.
- You wanna go get yourself a drink?
Yeah.
You want anything?
Oh. Okay.
I thought this was supposed to
be a big broker hangout.
Merrill Lynch. Salomon Brothers.
Mad, big-dick Steve. What is this place?
This looks like the fucking
Christmas party at Mutual of Omaha.
Yo, check this out.
Joe.
Oh, my God. Would you
look at these monkeys?
So, who do you live with?
You mean, is the little black girl here
takin' care of her grandma...
'cause her mama's
a crackhead?
Yeah, exactly. I thought
it was smack, though.
Right.
Boy, you gotta get ahold
of that edge. It's kinda sharp.
I know. It's just that
I get so much shit at J. T...
that sometimes I have
to get in that mode just to...
fend them off of me, you know?
Yeah, I was gonna ask you
why are you there...
because it doesn't seem like the ideal
working environment for a black woman.
No, it isn't. It's just that...
how many secretaries do you know
that make 80 grand a year?
- One.
- Exactly.
- "No, no, no. I gotta call the boss."
- Look at this guy. Check it.
No way.
Vito Corleone.
You don't come all my life...
and then you show up
at my daughter's confirmation.
"Are you standin' up or sittin' down?"
By that time l...
- How you doin'?
- What's up?
- You guys lookin' for a broker?
- Who the fuck are you?
- Easy.
- I'm not doin' anything.
I thought maybe you were lookin'
for somebody to invest with.
- No. Yeah, we're fine. We are brokers.
- You are?
- Yeah.
- You guys with Jacoby & Jacoby?
- J.T. Marlin.
- Never heard of it.
Hold on a second. Who are you?
What do you sell? Car insurance?
We're with this little firm downtown.
Maybe you've heard of us.J.P. Morgan?
- And I'm a black Negro.
- Right.
I know J.T. It's a fuckin' chop shop.
They named it so it sounds like ours.
He knows that firm.
It's a fuckin' chop shop.
They named the firm to sound
like his. What is he, fucking Yogi Biz?
- Shut the fuck up.
- We're not buying it.
And what the fuck is with the suits?
You look like you're on Gotti's crew.
- You look great. Seriously.
- Do you know who you're talkin' to?
- Who are we talkin' to?
- You don't know?
Here's Vito and John Jr.
I don't wanna get involved in this.
We're not bothering you.
We're not.
Patrick, call out the police. Come on!
It's my dad
that's the mess...
but that's not
really interesting conversation.
What about you?
Single mother. No money.
And now I take care of her.
- What's wrong?
- She's got chronic pneumonia.
You know, she smoked for, like,
15 years, and now she's really sick.
And it's...
She's just really happy that I have
this job so I can support both of us.
- But it's scary sometimes, you know?
- Yeah.
What about your father?
I don't wanna talk
about my father either.
Ready?
- Tell me a story.
- What do you wanna hear?
I don't know. Tell me...
Tell me a story about your dad.
Well, I have
so many great ones.
Go on. Tell me.
All right.
Well, I'm ten years old...
and I just
got this new bike.
It's a silver Mongoose,
you know, like BMX.
And I'm skidding out in this puddle
like Starsky and Hutch.
- Right.
- And my foot slips...
and the pedal spins around
hard enough to break my leg.
- Oh, my God.
- But I don't fall off the bike.
- I keep going down this hill.
- And I get really scared, you know?
So I jumped off the bike...
and I landed
behind this parked car.
And I was laying there
for a good half hour.
And finally...
I hear my father's voice up the street,
and he's calling my name.
And I was so happy...
that he was coming
to get me.
And he comes around the car,
and he sees me lying there.
I mean, there was...
there was blood everywhere.
Anyway,
I look up at him...
and for the first time in my life,
I see how much my father loved me.
- 'Cause he was completely frozen.
- Wow.
You know, it hurt him to see me
in that much pain.
So he leans down
over me...
and he slaps me
across the face.
What? Why?
I don't know.
Maybe he was mad at me for
making him feel that helpless...
or it was the only thing
he could think of.
I don't really care
anymore.
What I think of now is the look
on his face when he saw me lying there.
And that's what I remember.
That's what I miss.
There's your story.
Sorry.
All right. I wanna talk
to you guys about appearance.
Okay? Because most of you
dress like shit.
I don't know what
your financial situation is...
and I don't want to, but you gotta get
yourself at least one decent suit...
because we have a minimum level
of aesthetic professionalism here...
that we have to maintain.
In three months, you can outfit
your whole closet...
but for now get something
to hold you over.
There's an important phrase
we use here.
I think it's time
you all learned it.
"Act as if."
Do you understand what that means?
Act as if you are
the president of this firm.
Act as if you got a nine-inch cock.
Act as if.
And to do that properly,
you need to at least look the part.
So go get dressed. Secondly, it's time
to get your Series Seven books.
Don't get nervous.
If you study, you'll pass.
Then you begin trading
as an S.E.C. -licensed broker.
Then you're a fucking millionaire,
and it's just that simple.
I need 300 bucks from each
of you for the books...
which will be returned
if and when you pass the exam.
And I need that tomorrow.
That is all.
What are you?
Last night's erection?
Yeah, well, you know...
What's goin' on?
We're movin' to the big house, kids.
Isaac here just closed a guy
for 30,000 shares of Farrow Tech.
We're on the big board.
We're in there now?
- Who's out?
- Todd and company. Come on. Let's go.
If you couldn't pull $3,000 together,
your name wouldn't be on my desk.
You're embarrassing me. I'm pitching you
from under my desk. I'm embarrassed now.
Bob. Bob, be rude.
Hang up the phone.
You won't.
You wanna know why?
Because you see value. I am
your kids' college fund, for chrissakes.
I'm gonna pass. The only people making
money passing are N.F.L. Quarterbacks.
- And I don't see a number on your back.
- Take me off your list.
Fine, fine. I'm gonna take you off
my list of successful people.
Hello?
Hi, Mr. "Dahvis," this is Ron
from the Daily News.
- How you doin'?
- It's Davis, and I'm not interested.
- Sorry to bother you. Have a nice day.
- Wait a minute.
Wait. That's your pitch?
You consider that a sales call?
You know, I get a call
from you guys every Saturday...
and it's always
the same half-assed attempt.
If you guys wanna close me,
you should sell me.
- All right.
- All right. Start again.
Okay. Hi, this is Ron
from the Daily News.
- How you doin' this morning?
- Shitty. What do you want?
It's not what I want, sir.
It's what you want.
Ron, now we're talkin'.
All right. What are you selling me?
I'm offering a Daily News subscription
at a substantially reduced price.
We're trying to reach out to people
that never had home delivery before.
So everybody who already has a
subscription is getting fucked?
- Yeah. I guess so.
- All right. I can handle that.
So, why should I buy your paper?
I mean, you know...
Why shouldn't I get the Times
or the Voice, you know?
The Village Voice is free, sir, so if
you want it, you should pick it up.
But the Daily News offers you something
no other paper can... a taste of New York.
We have the best features, more photos
than any other daily in New York...
and we have the most
reliable delivery in the city.
Now what do you think?
You know what I think, Ron?
I think that was a sales call.
Good job, buddy.
So you gonna
buy a subscription?
No. I already
get the Times.
I know what you're sayin'!
Booked. Booked.
I got a hundred against.
Booked. Someone cover Greg.
Cover Greg.
I hope you guys aren't fightin' over it.
Here. Good money against Greg's roll.
- Put it there.
- Two hundred?
- What is that?
- Nothing.
Damn. Who you gotta ass-fuck
to get a ten around here?
- There's a leprechaun in stall four.
- Whatever.
Hey, Seth, I'm gonna get some reserves.
You wanna come with me?
- Yeah.
- You guys want a shot?
Roll a seven, baby. Let's go.
Quit starin'
and just apologize.
Hey, he doesn't have to say shit,
all right?
Why don't you go back to your Heineken
and shut the fuck up, okay?
Was I talkin' to you?
No, you weren't.
You were talkin' to him.
If you're talkin' to him, you're talkin'
to me and my whole fuckin' crew, okay?
Get the fuck outta here.
What? What?
Get the fuck outta here before
I put you in a mayonnaise jar, okay?
Get the fuck outta here,
fuckin' cocksucker.
He's gonna cry
like a little baby!
You little baby!
Hey, Richie!
Oh, Mommy!
Come on.
You gotta realize these aren't the kids
you and I grew up with, you know?
Remember in Hebrew school,
when a shoving match was a big deal?
Worst-case scenario, somebody
got their yarmulke knocked off.
It's true, man.
These guys are no joke.
They get all tanked up,
throw a quick fist.
Some of them actually enjoy it.
I mean, like, Richie.
What the fuck is that, man?
Probably thought I was being
tough back there with that guy.
I was shitting my pants.
- I saw that.
- Oh, great. Thanks.
These fuckin' Guineas, man.
Half of them do coke.
They all drink. Zero capital.
No fuckin' stability. They
make all this fucking money...
and they're always
living three steps ahead.
You know, there's guys who work at the
firm that make a million a year...
and they can't even get a fucking
car loan 'cause their credit's so bad.
It's like everybody is just waiting
for the 15th of the month.
They may have a Porsche, but they don't
have ten bucks to put in the gas tank.
- No shit.
- It's nigger rich.
What is this guy doin'?
Yo!
- All right. Thanks, man.
- Don't forget what I said about Abby.
I think she's trouble,
you know?
I don't even know
what you're talking about.
I don't know.
I've just worked there a long time.
Just looking out for my friends.
I think she's a whore.
Just telling you.
Well, it's a good thing
you stopped dating her, then, right?
- I'll see you later.
- All right. See you.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org